Add documents for `information_schema.tidb_index_usage` and `sys.schema_unused_index`. (#16446)
pingcap/docs: information-schema/information-schema-tidb-index-usage.md

Reviewer: If the `TIDB_INDEX_USAGE` table is also available for TiDB Cloud, please add this file to `TOC-tidb-cloud.md`.

---
title: TIDB_INDEX_USAGE

> summary: Learn the `TIDB_INDEX_USAGE` information_schema table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
summary: Learn the `TIDB_INDEX_USAGE` INFORMATION_SCHEMA table.
```

---
title: TIDB_INDEX_USAGE
summary: Learn the `TIDB_INDEX_USAGE` information_schema table.
---

# TIDB_INDEX_USAGE

> TiDB provides `TIDB_INDEX_USAGE` since v8.0.0. You can use `TIDB_INDEX_USAGE` to get the access statistics of all indexes on the current node. These index usage statistics are maintained by default. Turning off the config [`instance.tidb_enable_collect_execution_info`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#tidb_enable_collect_execution_info) or the system variable [`tidb_enable_collect_execution_info`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_collect_execution_info) will stop collecting these data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v8.0.0, TiDB provides the `TIDB_INDEX_USAGE` table. You can use `TIDB_INDEX_USAGE` to get the usage statistics of all indexes on the current TiDB node. By default, TiDB collects these index usage statistics during SQL statement execution. You can disable this feature by turning off the [`instance.tidb_enable_collect_execution_info`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#tidb_enable_collect_execution_info) configuration item or the [`tidb_enable_collect_execution_info`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_collect_execution_info) system variable.
```
